add internship course and research guide (#172)
UWindsorCSS/hub: app/views/pages/GUIDE.markdown

- COMP-3220 Obj Oriented Software Anal/Des
- COMP-3710 Artificial Intelligence Concepts

# Internship Courses
###### Courses that help you gains practical skills:
- SCIE-3990 Internship Course 
- SCIE-3800 Service Learning

> They are 3 credits PASS/FAIL courses that will course toward your electives. The courses are the flexible version of co-op placement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are 3 credits PASS/FAIL courses that will count toward your electives. These courses are the flexible version of co-op placement. 
```

###### How to enrol?

> 1st-4th year students are eligible to enrol but with the instructor permission [Michelle Bondy](mbondy@uwindsor.ca). First, you will need a placement such as lab work, research or an internship that related to your program. Do not worry, if you could not find any, there are placements listed for these courses that you could pick. However, it is better to find your own paid placement. Paid or volunteer placement is valid since the purpose of the courses is to help you gain experience in the professional work environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1st-4th year students are eligible to enroll but with the instructor's permission [Michelle Bondy](mbondy@uwindsor.ca). First, you will need a placement such as a lab work, research, or an internship that is related to your program. Do not worry, if you could not find any, there are placements listed for these courses that you could pick from. However, it is better to find your own paid placement. Paid or volunteer placement is valid since the purpose of the courses is to help you gain experience in the professional work environment.
```

### Is it right for you? 

As you are reading this section that means you have interests in research, however whether it is the right path that aligns your career goal.

If you plan to do graduate studies, research is the best way to get you started. It will give you the helpful insight of how the research study works. You will build a good relationship with different faculty members that will help you when you apply for grad school. 

If you do not want to continue the study, I suggest focusing on [Co-op/Internships](#co-op-and-internships) instead. You will gain different practical skills and experience that will help you. 

######Pros: 
- Paid placement 2nd/3rd year 16.35$/hours and 4th year 17.30$/hours.
- Flexible total hours for working 45-100 hours per placement.
- Great opportunities to pursue grad school.

> - A lot of machine learning research projects and cyber security focusing on different kind areass such as social network analysis and document and network anaylsis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A lot of machine learning research projects and cyber security focusing on different kind areas such as social network analysis and document and network analysis.
```

### How to get in the OS program? 

######Apply from high school. 
- You will be considered as a candidate directly from high school if you are selected. In the second year, your placement will start.

######Apply after the first year. 
- You will be invited to apply for the OS program after completing two semesters. Then if you are selected, your research placement will start the next term.

######Requirements:
- Academic accomplishments: GPA 85% or higher.
- Evident desire to do research or original creative work for the benefit of others.
- Evidence of community service.
- Leadership, through excellence in athletic, creative, or other fields, or through serving in a formal leadership role.
- Specific research project that you are interests.
- A reference letter from a faculty member or instructor. To get a greate reference letter, you could get to know more about the professor research project during the office hour. This will shows that you are curious and willing to learn. They will put a good word for you.

######Bugs in the OS program system

> - If you complete only 9 courses for 2 semesters in the first year, then you will not receive an invitation to apply for the program. Do not worry,you could contact [Dr. Simon du Toit](scholars@uwindsor.ca) to inform him about your interests in the program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you complete only 9 courses for 2 semesters in the first year, then you will not receive an invitation to apply for the program. Do not worry, you could contact [Dr. Simon du Toit](scholars@uwindsor.ca) to inform him about your interests in the program.
```
